Skills Assessed
The primary goal of this lab is to assess skills that have been covered throughout the quarter and apply them to a real-world dataset. Our lab requires the student to use built-in R functions from the tidyverse package such as: mutate(), filter(), count(), map(), and  arrange(). The student will also be required to create their own functions and create some sort of conditional statement within it. A huge part of data analysis is being able to show some sort of visual representation with the data that is being analyzed. Our lab requires the student to create a variety of charts including scatterplots and barcharts. The lab also assesses a student's ability to work with statistical models. The student will have to create and interpret linear regression models. 

Easy Problems
We believe that question 1 will not be too challenging for students to answer. The solution requires a simple count of observations by discovery method and a bar chart to visualize the results. These were skills acquired early in the quarter, and have been reinforced throughout every lab. 

We also believe that questions 2 and 5 can be considered easy. They do require creating a function which is a topic covered later in the class, but we do not think it will be challenging. The solution requires a simple self created function that takes in one parameter and has some sort of conditional statements inside the body. 

Hard Problems
We believe that problem 9 will be challenging for most students. The student is required to create a function with multiple parameters, one of which is a dataframe. The function must be reusable as it is used later in the question, which only adds to the complexity of the question. The student must also create a dataframe within the function which makes the body of the function more complex than the previous function problems. 

We believe that problem 11 will be the most challenging problem for students. This is a simulation problem which is one of the topics that was covered towards the end of the class. This problem assesses multiple skills including random sampling, repeated simulations, data visualization, and comparing results. 

Outside Resources
https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-linear-regression-in-r/modules/linear-regression-in-r/cheatsheet
https://numiqo.com/tutorial/linear-regression\
